Ref.:  Ms. No. JOAA-D-14-00093
A Fast MHD Code for Gravitationally Stratified Media Using Graphical Processing Units: SMAUG
Journal of Astrophysics and Astronomy

Dear Dr Griffiths,

I am glad to inform you that the referee has given a positive report regarding the paper mentioned above. However the referee has suggested certain revisions.

Kindly revise your paper in the light of the referee's comments and I will be happy to consider it for publication in the Journal of Astrophysics and Astronomy.

Your revision is due by 06-01-2015.


Yours sincerely,

Ram Sagar
Editor-in-Chief
Journal of Astrophysics and Astronomy

Reviewers' comments:
---------------------

Reviewer #1: The paper deals with the development and application of the Fast MHD Code for Gravitationally Stratified Media Using Graphical Processing
Units: SMAUG, which will have far reaching applicability in upcoming time in the field of solar and astrophysical research. The present
paper can be considered as a main introductory paper (technical) related to discussed MHD code  and I recommend it for the publication in JAA.
However, I have some minor suggestions to be implemented :

[1] In the first paragraph of the introduction, authors too much devote for their own research to show the recent developments
in the numerical modelling of waves in the complex and stratified solar atmosphere. I suggest that they should emphasize with few lines on some other
significant contributions too related to the numerical modelling of waves. List is non-exhaustive, however, some are as follows :

2005ApJ...631.1270H,  2009A&A...493..227M, 2013MNRAS.428...40C, 2014ApJ...793...43C   (2-d cases)
2007ApJ...668L..83S, 2013ApJ...775L..23W    (3-d cases)

[2] References are not formatted in the Introduction and throughout the manuscript. Please fix it.

[3] The over-all technical descriptions are appropriate. However, I suggest that kindly extend section 5.1 and elaborate the scientific results of
mhd wave modeling using this code and its comparison with other existing recent results. If you are even publishing the detailed scientific
results related to this case somewhere else, you may mention slight detail by referring that paper in preparation/under review. This will
add a worth example of science case to this technical paper, which is going to be a master paper.

Paper can be accepted after these minor revisions. I do not wish to see it further on.